content/articles/article-5.md, before:

---
title: Article Five
description: 'Empower your NuxtJS application with @nuxt/content module: write in a content/ directory and fetch your Markdown, JSON, YAML and CSV files through a MongoDB like API, acting as a Git-based Headless CMS.'
image: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/redfern-web/image/upload/v1599840408/redfern-dev/png/nuxt.png'
tags: ['VueJS', 'Nuxt']
published: '2020-09-05'
---
# Article 5
## Getting started

Empower your NuxtJS application with `@nuxtjs/content` module: write in a `content/` directory and fetch your Markdown, JSON, YAML and CSV files through a MongoDB like API, acting as a **Git-based Headless CMS**.

## Writing content

Learn how to write your `content/`, supporting Markdown, YAML, CSV and JSON: https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing.

## Fetching content

Learn how to fetch your content with `$content`: https://content.nuxtjs.org/fetching.

## Displaying content

Learn how to display your Markdown content with the `<nuxt-content>` component directly in your template: https://content.nuxtjs.org/displaying.

Commit message:

Created Author page to see all their posts

content/articles/article-5.md, after:

---
title: Article Five
description: 'Empower your NuxtJS application with @nuxt/content module: write in a content/ directory and fetch your Markdown, JSON, YAML and CSV files through a MongoDB like API, acting as a Git-based Headless CMS.'
image: 'https://res.cloudinary.com/redfern-web/image/upload/v1599840408/redfern-dev/png/nuxt.png'
tags: ['VueJS', 'Nuxt']
published: '2020-09-05'
author:
  name: John La Borde
  bio: I work in the cloud with a strong focus on serverless and API lifecycle. Pushing the limits on API design, standardization, and automation.
  profession: Full Stack Developer
  image: https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/40572114?s=400&u=c7d9950aceac671cb565a7158ac1890bd3d0c03a&v=4
---
# Article 5
## Getting started

Empower your NuxtJS application with `@nuxtjs/content` module: write in a `content/` directory and fetch your Markdown, JSON, YAML and CSV files through a MongoDB like API, acting as a **Git-based Headless CMS**.

## Writing content

Learn how to write your `content/`, supporting Markdown, YAML, CSV and JSON: https://content.nuxtjs.org/writing.

## Fetching content

Learn how to fetch your content with `$content`: https://content.nuxtjs.org/fetching.

## Displaying content

Learn how to display your Markdown content with the `<nuxt-content>` component directly in your template: https://content.nuxtjs.org/displaying.
