content/projects.md, before:

---
title: Projects created by John La Borde
description: 'Projects created by software developer John La Borde.'
image: 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/40572114?s=400&u=c7d9950aceac671cb565a7158ac1890bd3d0c03a&v=4'
tags: ['Software developer', 'web developer', 'PHP', 'Nuxt', 'vue', 'real estate', 'real astra', 'line real', 'nuxtCommerce', 'Emails Plus']
published: '2021-03-23'
---

## Projects

My main focus these days is creating applications or websites for businesses.
Business sites require a unique form of engineering.
1) They demand to be highly secure and bug-free sites & applications.
2) Sites need to be designed with the User mindset in mind. they have to be easy to use and as minimum mental overload for your clients to be accessible to all ages. In this modern world where attention is a premium. Having a badly designed site will servery reduce your ROI.
3) Test and measure every detail for constantly evolving to create a quality application.

#### Realastra
Application to operate an online marketplace for lodging, primarily homestays for vacation rentals, and tourism activities.  Build with laravel and vue. It includes a map search to lodgings based on room type, the number of people to accommodate, bedrooms, bathrooms, amenities, price, location. Users can book properties and be charged using stripe.
Property owners can list their properties and receive their payment once a user books a property.

#### LineReal
Online real estate marketplace API build with laravel with a front-end build with nuxt.js. Users can see listings for properties that either for sale or rent.

#### NuxtCommerce
E-Commerce API build with Laravel and the front end is build using nuxt.js. The API is light and ideal for small businesses that include less than 99 products. The API has a strong focus on speed and security.

Commit message:

Fixed problem where search was not been performed when comming from another page

content/projects.md, after:

---
title: Projects created by John La Borde
description: 'Projects created by software developer John La Borde.'
image: 'https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/40572114?s=400&u=c7d9950aceac671cb565a7158ac1890bd3d0c03a&v=4'
tags: ['Software developer', 'web developer', 'PHP', 'Nuxt', 'vue', 'real estate', 'real astra', 'line real', 'nuxtCommerce', 'Emails Plus']
published: '2021-03-23'
---

## Projects

My main focus these days is creating applications or websites for businesses.
Business sites require a unique form of engineering.
1) They demand to be highly secure and bug-free sites & applications.
2) Sites need to be designed with the User mindset in mind. they have to be easy to use and as minimum mental overload for your clients to be accessible to all ages. In this modern world where attention is a premium. Having a badly designed site will servery reduce your ROI.
3) Test and measure every detail for constantly evolving to create a quality application.

#### Realastra
Application to operate an online marketplace for lodging, primarily homestays for vacation rentals, and tourism activities.  Build with laravel and vue. It includes a map search for lodgings based on room type, the number of people to accommodate, bedrooms, bathrooms, amenities, price, and location using geospatial data. Users can book properties and be charged using stripe. Property owners can list their properties and receive their payment once a user books a property.
Users and property owners can manage their reservations in a custom build admin panel. Property owners can approve or decline reservations. Property owners can add discounts for certain dates. Reservations are concurrency-safe to not allow duplicate reservations at conflicts dates same time when both users submit a reservation for the same location at the same time.

#### LineReal
Online real estate marketplace API build with laravel with a front-end build with nuxt.js. Users can see listings for properties that either for sale or rent. Currently in development.

#### NuxtCommerce
E-Commerce API builds with Laravel and the front end is build using nuxt.js. The API is light and ideal for small businesses that include less than 99 products. The API has a strong focus on speed and security.
Includes product variations, price implementation, dynamic shipping with different options for shipping based on location, payment implementation that includes saved payment methods.
